Feature/#43 - Docker Execution Environment added (#52)
courselab/snaskii21: README.md

```python install_all.py --password xyz```

## Docker environment execution

> For instructions on how to compile and execute Snaskii21 using Docker, check the [Docker README](/docker_env/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instructions on how to compile and execute using Docker, checkout the [dedicated document](/docker_env/README.md).
```

> 

Reviewer: Better to remove these extra lines.

Reviewer 2: @lucasvianav Since you approved these changes this week, I believe this conversation can be resolved. Feel free to revert the resolution otherwise.

```python install_all.py --password xyz```

## Docker environment execution

> A docker environment initially created in order to compile and execute snakeskii21 in any system, as follows:
> 
> 1. Get into `docker_env` directory and build it executing:
> 	`docker build -t snake_env .`
> 2. After it's build, run container as follows (newbie's gentle execution):
> 	`docker run -it --rm -v <snakeskii21_path>:/data -w /data snake_env /bin/bash`
> 
> 	Rationale:
> 		`-it` stands for `iterative` mode (-i keeps STDIN attached and open, while -t allocate a pseudo-tty)
> 		`--rm` cleans container up after execution (for small tests this flag is way useful to ignore)
> 		`-v HOST_DIR:CONTAINER_DIR` sets a host directory share point inside the container
> 		`-w WORKDIR_NAME` is your initial working directory after bring it up

Reviewer 3: Since we already explain this in the [Docker README](/docker_env/README.md) (this link will be broken when I make the suggestion but it'll fix itself once the PR is merged (I hope)) it's a good idea to not repeat ourselves and just link to that document (which also has a lot more information).
```suggestion
For instructions on how to compile and execute Snaskii21 using Docker, check the [Docker README](/docker_env/README.md).
```
